CUMULUS-1260 Reingest from dashboard should be automatically be sent to a queue with a maximum (#1070)
nasa/cumulus: docs/deployment/config_descriptions.md

| dynamos.\<name\>.read | 5 | number of reads per second
| dynamos.\<name\>.write | 1 | number of writes per second
| dynamos.\<name\>.attributes | | list of attributes

> | backgroundQueueName | `backgroundProcessing` | Name of the queue used, by default, by reprocessing (e.g. `reingest`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| backgroundQueueName | `backgroundProcessing` | Name of the queue to use for jobs that should be subject to execution limits. By default, this queue is used for scheduling granule reingest executions. See `@cumulus/deployment/app/config.yml` for configuration of `backgroundProcessing` queue.
```
